
needs a way to manually set which bots can claim a row

race condition: row movement
	if we try to write to row N, but an insert or delete means the actual data we intended to write
	has moved in the interim, we can't easily solve this. But we can easily detect it.
	Every row has a unique id that we write.
	After writing, we re-read and check id field.
	If it's the same, successful write. Note it's still last-write-wins per field.
	If it's not, rows were moved! We can't work out what's wrong,
	so flag the row for human fixup.

race condition: claiming videos
	In the normal non-hole case, keep it simple.
	If you're eligible and current uploader is ineligible or blank,
		you write your id to the uploader field.
	While processing, you poll the uploader field to check it's still yours.
	If you become ineligible, or someone else takes it due to a race,
		immediately cancel the work and move on.
	Things get trickier if there are holes.
	If you are otherwise eligible but have holes,
	append a record (row id, your id, missing time) to special sheet, then check if all current bots
	have such a record for that row. If not, move on and revisit next poll.
		On subsequent checks, no need to re-append a new record.
	If all current bots have a record, and yours is the least missing, then either claim it or
	flag it depending on setting.
	So note that:
	- you continue to do meaningful work while you wait for all bots to get back
	- if any bot has no holes, it claims as normal and the whole process is abandoned since
	  the slot is no longer under consideration

knowing which bots exist:
	Entries in a seperate sheet, with a row per bot id, and a ping time.
	Ping time should be updated every interval, any bot with a ping time > TTL is dead.

addressing columns:
	you should have an in-code mapping from col name -> position,
	positions shouldn't change but just in case.

thrimbletrimmer sends video trim data directly to wubloader
	how?
	this is the trigger to go from Awaiting Edits to Processing Edits

chunk sheet special cases:
	no draft step, go straight from queued to processing video at full res to uploading
	upload unlisted

dealing with holes
	if only some bots (or none) have holes:
		bots without holes should take it
	if all bots have holes:
		if it's chunk sheet:
			upload from one with least holes
		if it's main sheet:
			flag for human intervention, allow for force override
